oop-user_defined_classes-medium-q3 (#624)
canvas-gamification/canvas-gamification-junit-tests: src/oop/user_defined_classes/medium/q3/QuestionText.md

# oop-user_defined_classes-medium-q3

## Java

Teaching young children to make animal sounds is fun and helps them 
improve their language skills. Make a Java class called Horse
that has an attribute called weight, a constructor that 
initializes the weight, and one method called makeSound 
that returns "Neigh!!".

### Horse Class

The `Horse` class you are given has the following items:

- A `Horse` class name
- An empty `Horse` constructor 
- A `double` called **weight**

You must add the following items to the class:

- Constructors:

>     - Initializes **weight**

Reviewer: I think for this, we add that they need to check that the weight value is not negative. If it is, they can initialize it to zero instead.

# oop-user_defined_classes-medium-q3

## Java

Teaching young children to make animal sounds is fun and helps them 
improve their language skills. Make a Java class called `Horse`
that has an attribute called **weight**, a constructor that 
initializes the **weight**, and one method called **makeSound **
that returns `Neigh!!`.

### Horse Class

The `Horse` class you are given has the following items:

- Attributes:
    - A `double` called **weight** that is not accessible from other classes

> - Constructors:

Reviewer: I think this is confusing. Just make them code the constructor or not

    - An empty constructor with its parameters.

You must add the following items to the class:

- Constructors:
    - Initializes **weight**
      with the input values in the constructor.
    - If the weight value is negative it should be initialized as 0.
- Method:

>     - Write a **makeSound** method that return a `String` that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Write a **makeSound** method that returns the `String` "Neigh!!"
```

Reviewer: Also, specify the visibility modifier please.

>   is `"Neigh!!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
